---
layout: resume
title: Feiyu Liu's Resume
update: 2012/09/10
---

h1(title). {{page.title}} 

h2. Educational Background

*	Sep. 2010 – Jul.2013  UESTC, Bachelor in Computer Science and Technology
*	Sep. 2006 – Jul.2010  WFU, Master in Computer Application Technology


h2. Technical Skills

*	Skilled in use Java, JSP, HTML
*	Familiar with J2EE and MVC
*	Familiar with MySQL
*	Familiar with MyEclipse platform 

h2. Awards and Honors

*	2011  Third -class scholarship
*	2010  Third -class scholarship
*	2009  First-class scholarship , Pacemaker to Outstanding Students
*	2008  Second-class scholarship , Pacemaker to Outstanding Students
*	2007  Second-class scholarship


h2. Interest

h3. Academic Interest

* Distributed computing, Cloud computing 
* Search Engine 
* Data Mining
* Machine Learning

h3. Personal Hobbies

*	enthusiastic, sincere, aggressive, can work under pressure.
*	good at the practise and self -study,skillful.
*	good team cooperation ability and good communication skills


h2. Internship & Employment

* None

<div class="page-break"></div>

h2. Projects

h3. Research

|	2012.04 — present | Cloud monitoring system | As a major development engineer, take part in “Cloud monitoring system” project. |
|	2012.02 －2012.04 | Tower crane online safety monitoring system | As a development engineer, take part in “Tower crane online safety monitoring system” project. |
|	2011.12 －2012.02 | cloud platform of our La | As a major development engineer, take part in “cloud platform of our Lab” project. |
|	2010.11 — 2010.12 | The board of directors management system | As a development engineer, take part in “The board of directors management system” project. |
|	2010.09 — 2010.11 | Public Opinion Analysis System | As a major development engineer, take part in “ Public Opinion Analysis System” project. |


h2. Other Information

*(left contact) Address:
  ** UESTC Qingshuihe Campus
  ** No.2006, Xiyuan Ave
  ** West Hi-Tech Zone, 611731
  ** Chengdu, Sichuan, P.R.China
*(left other contact) Tel: 
  ** +86 18780206628
*(left other contact)  
  ** %(contact-label)Email:% "514941630@qq.com":514941630@qq.com
  ** %(contact-label)Github:% "github.com/feiyuliu":https://github.com/feiyuliu
  ** %(contact-label)Blog:% "feiyuliu.github.com":http://feiyuliu.github.com
  ** %(contact-label)Weibo:% "@SolrJ":http://weibo.com/feiyuliu


<div class="clear"></div>
